well all guys are order
welcome back here on the canal with a new one
video today we are someone who weighed the
live with viewfinder how he sees he is using
he slams it but you have asked in many of
use proust or even knowing that is
i 'm not yet knowing scene has not
yet discovered the reason why
many of you want to see me play
with this weapon simply in
comments from the last video both from
first episode in three four dates thu
use the diamond svad and with the selector of
fire i obviously is since the videos
I do them for you I can't do that
satisfy what you want to see
then your needs and then
here I put the selector of
fire and I want to clarify first
which really sucks as a weapon
the emptying used only with
the burst fire of three because it is a lot
precise as a one shot weapon sometimes there is
a burst and the opponent dies instead
let us thank heaven that this war
a retard who has shed for three
quarter of an hour I was on the stairs not
I could catch myself with the
fire selector weapon ten is
very much to recoil if the weapon recoils
really shit
dies the asshole speaks and then how
you can see I'm not using away
I 'm not using the usual strix
ie wav
when there was perhaps a swarm of saccans
for the simple fact that having
used in the last video wanted
use some of the alternative series
in this I am now one from you
so let's not shit and take it
surely it was kajol visa or cazz o
also the stock trend the problem
now it comes because we have the lab the
activated disorder so I'm playing
a pretty quiet game I want
dogs and a bis would be very much
but much simpler
here our face and die perfect
now ours can start well
game because I really want to see
now that I have the design how many
14 0 and will be able to fight me
I am a 1 from dogs I must succeed in
pull them if not ok dogs well now the
game yes that really starts to be done
interesting though guys if you want
use a streak in my opinion
bestial put the spare drone 19 0
put the spare drone in mine
opinion really has the most streak
devastating because obviously I speak to the
out of the swarm dogs than those
it is well known that they are quite sick
and dog save me and well 20 21 are dead
pretty stupid anyway
we continue the game without making ourselves
conditioning from a stupid death
let's try to redo the strips
the problem madonna that camper the
problem is that kids from dogs
27 1 beautiful problem is that I'm not
using places and new ones maybe I had
already read in some videos I don't know about
deathmatch and not fundamental more
because because obviously the sponsors
random and know where they were born if from
one part or the other really a lot but
very useful we are 29 1 we try to
manage well as the team
on 46 maybe redo the strips
it could really be a good thing
there is obviously to be counted the fact that
he's playing with a shitty weapon
very rarely like the henin one
game like this on nuclear or something
ass up 50 more came out of it
unfortunately I'm not using the n
however I am a little short of the vis then
let's manage the area for a moment here
die perfecto let's see if we can
take one here that was born if it was born
no hans was born with his companions
however you can redo the strips
for a second time lavina arrival
great companion we come from here and
I'm at one of the faces I could do the
second would be really great
let's go get the drone by killing the two
don't turn around don't turn around very good ok
escort drones
okay i threw myself down enough to
suicide
ok 38 1
let's hope he makes the last quince
fidanzi lasko to double the dogs and it
swarm there I was joking only skis and alone
canine the companion did the multi e
so now it becomes more difficult
indeed it becomes almost impossible I want
get to 40 pounds on hopefully the
drone kill 1 before the game gets
turn to term ok guys 41 1 match
in my opinion very good also for
the weapon you gave enough
little more
41 of times I have so I can't that
be glad i hope i am
liked many of you but in the case of
make a second game but I think it is
better so that the matches
they are more concise and fun to
to watch
long and to increase the wait for a
next episode here the boys let me
know with karma you want me to play
really next episodes of the body
minimally strong for today as a viewfinder
everything is beautiful